Updating the recent changes documentation to support a new data sourc… (#28405)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/resource_catalog/_index.md

  The <strong>Recent Changes</strong> tab is in Preview, but you can easily request access! Use this form to submit your request today.
{{< /callout >}} 

> The **Recent Changes** tab streamlines troubleshooting and incident response by displaying a 7-day history of all configuration changes to [supported resources][15] across your environments. To forward change events from your cloud environments, either enable Snapshot Changes through Resource Collection or follow the links for your cloud providers in the sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Recent Changes** tab displays a 7-day history of all configuration changes to [supported resources][15] across your environments. To forward change events from your cloud environments, either enable Snapshot Changes through Resource Collection or follow the links for your cloud providers in the sections below.
```

> The **Recent Changes** tab streamlines troubleshooting and incident response by displaying a 7-day history of all configuration changes to [supported resources][15] across your environments. To forward change events from your cloud environments, either enable Snapshot Changes through Resource Collection or follow the links for your cloud providers in the sections below.

Reviewer 2: NIT in the near future we will need another name than the Recent Changes "tab"

**Prerequisites**: 
   - You have selected to `Enable Resource Collection` under the **Resource Collection** tab on the [cloud provider integration tile][7]. 
   - You have [access to the Preview][9].

>    - Optionally, you can also configure change event forwarding through one of the cloud providers listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Optionally, you can configure change event forwarding through one of the following cloud providers.
```

#### Snapshot Changes

> Snapshot Changes is a generated event stream captured periodically every 5 - 15 minutes through resource collection and requires no additional setup. For more frequent change updates, follow the links for your cloud providers in the sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snapshot Changes is a generated Event Stream captured every 5 - 15 minutes through resource collection and requires no additional setup. For more frequent change updates, follow the links for your cloud providers in the following sections.
```

#### AWS

> See the [AWS Config integration page][6] to launch a CloudFormation template that sets up change event forwarding through AWS Config. AWS Config captures configuration changes in real time.

Reviewer 2: > AWS Config captures configuration changes in real time.

This largely depends on the user's setup I believe.

#### Azure

> To collect resource configuration changes, enable **Resource Collection** for your Azure subscriptions in the [Azure integration tile][14]. Azure Resource Graph captures configuration changes periodically, every 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect resource configuration changes, enable **Resource Collection** for your Azure subscriptions in the [Azure integration tile][14]. Azure Resource Graph captures configuration changes every 10 minutes.
```

#### Google Cloud Platform

> See the [Resource changes collection][8] section of the Google Cloud Platform integration page for instructions on forwarding change events through a Pub/Sub topic and subscription. Google Cloud Asset Inventory captures configuration changes periodically, every 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Resource changes collection][8] section of the Google Cloud Platform integration page for instructions on forwarding change events through a Pub/Sub topic and subscription. Google Cloud Asset Inventory captures configuration changes every 10 minutes.
```
